The main software used in our project is Idle. This time we are doing a project about games . We are going to implement this project in Python. The main content of all games is the internal loop of the program, which is the premise to ensure the normal operation of a game. First, we need to invoke a third-party database and initial setup. Python differs from other languages in that it has many third-party libraries to call. When writing games in Python, PyGame is an easy to use third-party library that can be installed directly through PIP. The installation method has been covered in previous articles and will not be repeated. Those who want to learn more about PyGame's features can also consult the official documentation. The databases we need to write Snake are: PyGame, SYS, Time, random Then there are many other parts, such as: loop, initial settings, the main part of the game, operation, error correction, and so on.
How to play the game of greedy snake: enter to start the game; Pause / resume the game in the space; The direction key / WSAD controls the direction of the snake.
Idea: store the snake's body in a list; The body is represented by light color, and the body is highlighted by dark background;
The movement of the snake: carefully observe that the body does not move except the head and tail, the tail disappears, and the head increases. Therefore, the newly added elements are placed at the head of the list and the tail elements are deleted;
Game end decision strategy: beyond the boundary; Touch your body: the next grid the snake moves forward is part of your body.
